Datacenter Incremental Game

Main Gameplay:
The main goal is to reach highest compute/sec. The satisfaction will be seeing the servers crunching all the compute
jobs and seeing the text that it finishes crunching job. Also many things going on at once in general. The game is
considered "Complete" if player reach 1 billion compute/sec on average for 60 seconds.

World:
Your world consist of tiles to place servers. On start, you'll have small area to place servers. As you upgrade,
you'll get more area to place them.

Server:
The main building where it can process "compute jobs". Servers may only able to process certain jobs (e.g. web host
can only be in general server). Server has "Heat", "Tolerance Range", and "Load" property.
* Your world has max amount of "Load". Think of this as your electricity budget. You cannot exceed this (to allow
  player invest in more efficient servers).
* Placing servers adjacent to the other increases the heat more. Think of it as Factorio nuclear reactor heat bonus
  but it negatively affects your servers instead. For example, 2 server side-by-side each other makes both servers
  emit 60 heat instead of 40 if you move them away.
* Server can tolerate certain amount of heat. If the heat is exceeding the heat tolerance, then the overall server
  performance is reduced. But if the heat is less than the tolerance range, the server performace is boosted.

Compute Jobs:
Main source of money. Servers will process compute jobs, then finished compute jobs will earn money. Certain compute
job is faster if it's done by certain types of servers (e.g. AI inference is faster on AI servers). Compute jobs will
be placed in queue. Player has max amount of queue.

Tiles:
Tiles is where you place servers. Certain tiles may provide benefits if server is placed on it. For example, the tile
may be "Cold" which it reduces server heat, or "Efficient" tiles which reduce server load. There may be special tiles
which doesn't allow placing servers on, but provides other benefits if placed near it. Consider "benefits" and "buffs"
are interchangeable.

Advertise:
For starter, you have to "Advertise" to get a compute job in queue. Advertise costs money, except for web hosting
(the starter) which is free. "Advertise" is just simple button click. Later on, it can advertise automatically through
Technology. Do note that you cannot advertise if your queue is full.

Technology:
a.k.a. "Upgrades".
This is where player can improve their datacenters, which are:
* Unlock more server types
* Unlock more compute job types
* Boost server speed (faster processing)
* Reduce server load (more servers -> more compute processed in parallel)
* Less server heat (more crowded servers)
* Increase world boundary (access more tiles)
* Unlock automatic/faster Advertising
* Increase max job queue.
